first in order to run the program we have to add or import the following libraries:
1. SpeechRecognition ( to understand what the person is saying. )
2. OS ( for file manipulation i.e creating or opening of files and folder )
3. Pyaudio ( to take the input from the user through the microphone. )
4. pip ( to check if it is the latest stable version available )

people may face issues while importing the pyaudio in the latest version it is recommended to use python 3.11 in your virtual env

if you still face the issue while installing pyaudio by using pip install method then you can manually install pyaudio version from unofficial python binaries and install the latest pyaudio files from there and open your command prompt and install the pyaudio by opening the downloads directory first that is to type cd downloads in cmd then we can pip install <the file_name that you have just downloaded> (i.e PyAudio-0.2.11-cp311-cp311-win_amd64.whl or the other 32 bit version depending on your computer/laptop) hopefully it should then work fine or you can do it using jupyternotebook (you should not be facing any issues in pip installing pyaudio there). 

after installing the above libraries you can then run the program provided in your virtual env without facing any kind of problems or issues.

in case if you have trouble finding the pyaudio file it will be provided in the drive link along with this file.

instructions to run the program:

1. click on run
2. type s to start recording 
3. click on enter and tell the command:
   i> To create a file tell "create file 'file_name' in location/directory".
   ii> To create a folder tell "create folder 'folder_name' in location/directory". 
   iii> To open the file tell "Open file 'File_name' in location/directory".
4. type q to quite the program or stop the program.

(NOTE: the program will execute only if your input is accurate or perfect so please check if your pronuncing it right or you microphone is good and you speaking in loud and clear manner for this program to work perfectly. )

Thankyou and hopefully this document helps you to run the program successfully.